adding v10 specific information for integration testing (#4503)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Implementation/Integration-Testing/index.md

    Assert.AreEqual(0, contentTypeService.GetAll().Count());
}
```

## Testing from controller to database

Sometimes we want to test from a controller action and down to the database. In this case, we use the built-in concept of a test server. All you need to do is to use the base class UmbracoTestServerTestBase. Let’s take an example:

```csharp
[TestFixture]
public class BackOfficeAssetsControllerTests: UmbracoTestServerTestBase
{
    [Test]
    public async Task EnsureSuccessStatusCode()
    {
        // Arrange

>         var url = PrepareUrl<BackOfficeAssetsController>(x=>x.GetSupportedLocales());

Reviewer: We need to use the `PrepareApiControllerUrl` instead 👍 
```suggestion
        var url = PrepareApiControllerUrl<BackOfficeAssetsController>(x => x.GetSupportedLocales());
```

        // Act
        var response = await Client.GetAsync(url);

        // Assert
        Assert.AreEqual(HttpStatusCode.OK, response.StatusCode);
    }
}
```

> In this example you have to note two things:
> 
> - The PrepareUrl to get the URL of an Action and ensure all services use the URL information when requested. 
> - The Client which is a normal HttpClient, but the base URL points to the test server that is set up for each test.
> 
> Note that you can still use GetRequiredService to get the services required to seed data.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example you have to note three things:

- You still need the `CustomGlobalSetupTeardown` class
- The PrepareUrl to get the URL of an Action and ensure all services use the URL information when requested. 
- The Client which is a normal HttpClient, but the base URL points to the test server that is set up for each test.

Note that you can still use GetRequiredService to get the services required to seed data.

```
